# Meeting Minutes H-Team 05-March-2023

Team meeting held online on Discord.

Meeting time 03:15 PM - 05:15 PM

# Attendees
- Majid Khan Burki
- Adi
- Sumrish Hanif
- Heshani
- Mehadi

## Meeting Minutes Bullets

- The main agenda of the meeting has the discussion around GitFlow processes and Database finalisation.
- Team has agreed on the pull request approval process that all team members have to comment before merging the PR in the master.
- Team has agreed to follow a process that before creating PR, everone should test there specific branch on [Code Sandbox](https://codesandbox.io/), so a runtime verifcation has also been done that code is working properly and the link to codesandbox has to be mentioned in the respective kanboard ticket.
- **Adi** has taken the lead and explained regarding the git rebase and git revert through various scenerios and practically showed through Command Prompt.
- Moving further **Adi** has explained the flow of logging commits.
- Team has agreed regarding the conflicts resolution explaind by **Adi**.
- Team has agreed on the templets for **Features** and **Bugs** 
- Technical discussion was held to discuss the Mongoose schema for the Student and Quiz collections.
- Team has discussed two different approaches and everybody has agreed on the one approach.
- **Majid** has gone through the Database schema for user and team has agreed upon it.
